hello girls how are you how can you give yourself
account already we changed a little bit of the fund
because I was being told that he looked very father
this from the idea of ​​the photos but
at the same time I thought I was like very
gray and like I needed some color
so I decided to change the color of the
wall by this color blue landmark and the
really like that I think it's
nice but I do not know what you say
in the comments that you think and
going on to the main theme of this video
in this tutorial I want to show you how
recreate this hairstyle the truth that to me
I think you are super nice
Super cute touches remain and very
feminine but at the same time it allows you
be comfortable because you're not going to bring the
hair on his face let's see the
video for this hairstyle I'm going to
use some hair extensions
but of course this step is
optional I'll start by placing the
first of the curtains in this section
like a little of my ears and I'm going to
use a first curtain of these from
3 clips
try that when you place them you have what
more pegadito to your scalp
the second of the curtains I'm going to
place more or less at the height of
ears and again I will place one of
this one of three clips
I'm going to go up about two centimeters to
place my third curtain that is of
four clips
my last curtain of 4 clicks I'm going to
place more or less at the height of
eyebrows by the way that my hair had already
created a loose wave texture by
here in the description of the video too
I'll leave the link in case you want
watch this video
and finally I'm going to place four of
these small one- click to this
height to give me as more volume
in the opposite
Once all the curtains are in place
I really like the effect it gives you
the hair because it has a lot
volume and besides that these
extensions that I chose have as
a kind of three degraded in the
tips so it makes me give you a
interesting effect in terms of color
to start fully with the hairstyle
I'm going to select the opposite
in this way and I'm going to start spinning
back to form a small
rollito which I will hold with the
help from one of these tweezers for a
little
on the other side I'm going to take a more lock
or less of the same thickness and just like
the previous one I'm going to tangle back
to get to form a roll and what
I'm going to join with the previous one to
join them with a league of little girls
I recommend that in this step equal
if you can use two lists do it
to ensure that they are not going to break
throughout your day try that when joining
these two rolls are more or less
focused because I was in doing the base
of our braid and we do not want us
will be like this with much success towards a
side truth once you like the
position of your first ponytail
let's take the hair that is
We find around here are going to
make generous when choosing the
hair because we want our
braid is left with a lot of volume and looks
so super pretty and super flashy the
rest of the hair I decided to spend it
in front so that I do not get in the way
while doing the braid in this section
in the middle for our braid what
we must do is divide the hair into
two sections
after the section on the right we're going
to take a super-tiny lock of
preference of the back and what
let's change to the section of the
left then in our section of the
left alike let's take a lock
very tiny and preferably of the
back and now we are going to cross
in front of the section of the
right and this is basically all the
procedure that we should continue to take
a small strand of the part of the
right and we send it to the left
then from the left we take a lock
tiny one and we passed it to the right
following these steps over and over again
until you reach the tips you're going to
get a tail effect braid
of fish I think they call him and seriously
which looks very pretty but of course
that if you have problems with this guy
of braids you can make a braid of
those of three segments
once you have already advanced something in your
braid the truth is that if it gets complicated
a little bit of being knitting with the
arms back then I
I recommend that you pass your braid towards
forward and from there continue weaving
in the end we will hold with a league
of the little ones and me personally
I like to leave about 8 or 9 free
centimeters without knitting and then since
also subject to our braid we
left is pulling the sides so that
it gets more volume and looks
even more chubby as if she had
a lot of hair and this would be
practically everything already if you want
you can add a little preacher
or a little oil for your tips and
ready
what did you think about this idea please do not
forget to leave me in the comments you
what do you want to see for the next videos
and if you liked this idea, do not forget
give me a like and share it in
your social networks here I leave the
mine my facebook my instagram and my
twitter I will also leave you the
Direct link where you can find
these extensions and of course that
other models that can be equally
adapt more to your needs by the way
they also gave them a coupon
discount then I'll also
leave in the description of the video by
here so that if you're interested
in buying your hair extensions you
save a few very large pesitos
thanks to all my beautiful girls that
they always give me their time to see
these videos and if it's the first time
you visit us you have to know that we go up
new videos every Tuesday and all
so if you have not subscribed yet
I invite you to subscribe so that you do not
miss the following videos I wait for you
in the next